Fix instance vs callable subtyping/assignability (#18260)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/type_properties/is_assignable_to.md

c1: Callable[[int], None] = partial(f, y="a")
```

### Classes with `__call__` as attribute

> A class with a callable `__call__` attribute is assignable to a compatible callable type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An instance type is assignable to a compatible callable type if the instance type's class has a callable `__call__` attribute.
```
